Ateeq Dean: Hi antique morning when. How you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. I'm sorry. You know, I think I know what I did last night.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was moving too fast. So I my little reminder. Yeah, instead of changing the time of our appointment I changed the time when I wanted you to get back to me last night.
Ateeq Dean: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: I think was eight o'clock for everybody else But you
Gwenevere Abriel: I changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Eight o'clock to 10 o'clock.
Ateeq Dean: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I meant to do was see at 10 o'clock, get back to me tonight by eight o'clock so
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, I'm so sorry. I was moving to
Ateeq Dean: Pay
Ateeq Dean: That's the time I woke up, I woke up at 10 and then as I got ready when I love this other text and I got work and then soon as I had time I text you okay yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So let me let me um let me know how you're doing. What's it like over there where you're working. I mean is, is what's the stress level like over there.
Ateeq Dean: It's pretty stressful because I'm working in medical also. And what they're doing is I'm where we're moving residents from
Ateeq Dean: One of our floors and we're clearing, one of the floors out to bring residents from a different hospital, just to bring the workload down and everybody's paranoid about that.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I had a couple Collins, I had like four coughs this morning.
Ateeq Dean: Uh huh. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know that it's paranoia when there really is a threat.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah yeah part you know it's bold.
Ateeq Dean: I'm paranoid and part, you know, because right now we don't have any cases where I'm at. But that could change anytime and I don't know how I feel about you know, going back
Gwenevere Abriel: Fashions your, your employers have not been
Gwenevere Abriel: The most person centered type of employers not they've been sort of money driven so they may not be as conscientious as would be convenient right now, but are they acknowledging the risk and masks and gloves of just, you know,
Ateeq Dean: Leave solution we have bleach and stuff like that but
Ateeq Dean: To take that type of workload on. We don't have that type of stuff that we need. Okay. And our quarantine level is pretty poor because everybody that going to be quarantine is over there, rolling around the hallways and stuff like that. And that's not what they're supposed to be doing.
So there's
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you tell me what that's like for you to go every day to that work environments. What's up, like
Ateeq Dean: I just feel like I'm going to go in one night and half my boys aren't gonna show up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, okay. So you're not you're not preoccupied with bringing the virus to your system and then passing it to your family. That's not what you're worried about you won't have enough employees for the job function.
Ateeq Dean: And all that goes through me to that goes to my head too because you know as cuz I'm right in front of the door in the mornings I go back to the front and I, I'm the one scanning everybody's temperatures in the morning I wear a mask everything myself.
Ateeq Dean: And I have just get everyone's tab. So I've had to tell people to go home because them coughing and stuff like that, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you wearing gloves while you're doing and then that's your hands, you're washing your hands.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I have. We have sanitizer. So I've been using it a lot. I've been using it to the point where it's like throwing my hands out pretty bad.
Ateeq Dean: Wants to join us this morning I was waking her up. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that'd be great.
Ateeq Dean: If romney check on and right away I
Ateeq Dean: Get up. She said she'd be getting all
Gwenevere Abriel: You're doing that. I'll open up a note. Okay.
Treatment plan review.
Think
Last time we reviewed this was three five. So before five
Yeah, let's review today.
Gwenevere Abriel: She'll be here shortly. Okay, so let's take time to review our treatment progress so far we have what's left here is I want to quit my drug use and Suboxone so you are right now at how many milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: Five. Five and a half. Okay, so for 120 5.5 milligrams
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's been seven days 10 days How many days on the five
Ateeq Dean: Going now it's more than seven days. It's going to 13 days now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, nice. Okay 13 days, got it. Okay. And let me just make a little note down here. I'm trying to keep track of it for you. Okay. For 120 actual those 5.5 grams. Let's see. Last 13
All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I can't remember what you decided with Dr. Solomon what you wanted to do. Did you want to stay there.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I was gonna stay here just
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of being
Ateeq Dean: Okay, do you know want us to start
They might fall down.
Ateeq Dean: But I just kind of want to see what's going on because I still have my appointment with the insurance and all that. I want to see if they'll give me a little bit. See
Gwenevere Abriel: When the appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: For the 20th
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And there I thought that's when it was expiring
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, that's when it expires. And this one is scheduled also oh
Ateeq Dean: If I don't if if I miss disappointment, it's cancelled, they'll cut me off right there and then
Gwenevere Abriel: So client has and it's a telephone appointment.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, the telephone appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Appointment was what's the insurance company.
Ateeq Dean: Blue Cross Blue Shield.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. Be CBS and
Gwenevere Abriel: Two and also say and client reports.
Gwenevere Abriel: Intent to appeal extension yeah okay benefits.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, cool. Nicely done. Haha. Hi, how are you
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's see. I was just reviewing some progress.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just right down here and the dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip, dip. I'm just curious, Cara. What, you don't have to tell me this. But what is what insurance on do you have
Ateeq Dean: I have Medicaid
Ateeq Dean: It's a Blue Cross Blue Shield also
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I guess what I wonder is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, if she doesn't have a substance use piece. So she wouldn't be in here for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's trying to think if there's a way to still continue
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, I'll, uh, I'll let you guys kind of navigate that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Will navigate it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so you're, you're a plan, at least for the time being, you're going to get some information. If you're able to at least visit once a month. That's your plan.
Ateeq Dean: Okay, because even if I don't get approved by insurance and all that I kind of want to go to Portugal and they can talk to them about payment plans and how smart.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know if you want to write this down. But Krista binning is the financial person that I've noticed seems to. I've talked with her and she she's the one
Gwenevere Abriel: That literally can see into the Medicaid, Medicare portal. He's the one knows and around in there like she can see right in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: But she can check benefits and things like that. So whenever I've heard from her and she said so and so has this dual enrollment or blah, blah, blah. She has this access to these right the actual benefits so
Ateeq Dean: Again, I'm sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Krista bending bi N by N. G. But basically, when you go into virtual clinic, you're going to waste your time. If you talk with the folks right there. The care navigators, they're not going to really be terribly informed on
Gwenevere Abriel: The product of insurance. They're just not gonna. So just kind of just say, you know what I'd really like to schedule a time to talk with
Gwenevere Abriel: Or let me have an email so that I can be in direct communication with your finance point person. Don't even just because I want to discuss
Gwenevere Abriel: My financial obligation, I'd like to continue care here, but I'm I'm having a disruption in my finance amend my insurance carrier, it just short and sweet, because if you go on and on and on you. They're going to end up being like, I can't help you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work worse or worse batik you might get misinformation throw your hands in the air and leave when really you could have gotten better different information. So I don't really want you to get
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad information. Okay. All right. And I accidentally might do it sometimes too. I won't mean to. But that's not my profession. I don't know what's really going on with it. So you want to directly talk with someone in finance. Okay. Okay. Beautiful. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're here today with both of you. And can I hear from each of you, how you are sharing with this additional massive global crisis. How are you guys doing
Gwenevere Abriel: You surfers. Yeah, I'm okay. Okay.
Ateeq Dean: Oh um I stay home. Pretty much anyway. Me and the baby. So I mean there's places we can go know if we need something from the store. The grocery stores and think he goes
Ateeq Dean: It's kind of hard. I haven't really the last time I left the house was last Wednesday to go to a doctor's appointment. Yeah, so I think I probably going a little bit stir crazy right I'm
Ateeq Dean: Other nine nothing's really changed too much for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So along the lines of the stir crazy part. This might seem abundantly obvious for some people are like, oh, thank you for bringing it up. I never thought about that I
Gwenevere Abriel: I have been introducing whether it's a support group through through online, whether it's fellowship, but I'm also discussing girls night online.
Gwenevere Abriel: So setting up a little zoom meeting in here like this with your girlfriends and maybe we have tea or coffee or glass of wine, if you if you do those sorts of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're still making contact. So we still get to get our silly on we still get to do some gossiping and we get to play because this contact is so important. Right. Cabin Fever, like it's a real thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm just throwing it out there. Zoom is a really cool place. The reason why I like it. It's not the only one, but I like it because
Gwenevere Abriel: I like I'm used to the platform. It's really easy to sign in. For me, it's easy to send a quick email and I love, I love that there's this little filter. So I kind of like the features I can change my background, I can
Gwenevere Abriel: I have this shared whiteboard that I can write things. So there's features that I like about it. I'll show you one of them. So right here, see right here. I can text and I can say hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can share a little things I can share a poster, like let's say I want to talk to my girlfriend's about something fun.
Gwenevere Abriel: going on politically, I might throw it up here and share the screen and be goofy or I could share some pictures right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can show pictures of my baby right here. Y'all can be looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, you see, you can be happening while I'm talking don't. It's kind of fun. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, and you think you and I were touching on it a little bit. You've been getting some information in the group setting. Have you instituted any changes based on some of that information.
Ateeq Dean: No, I have like me like I haven't really after we talked about in the meeting night left it there. Okay. Yeah. About like the NA.
Ateeq Dean: And all that I'm more like
Ateeq Dean: Focused into what we have here.
Ateeq Dean: I like this. Yeah, but, um, I mean for the future. Maybe I'll check into it, you know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Another piece of that discussion has been around using safety.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether it's and precaution, not only for your immediate family, but for the larger community. How are you to sort of navigating that discussion visiting family members that maybe have
Gwenevere Abriel: Some vulnerable attributes like they're 70 years old or 18 years old or maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you're the one going out into the community. What's the dynamics between you two are you an alignment with safety question. Are you two on the same page.
Ateeq Dean: I'm not really
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so that's why I'm asking because this is typically I'm, what I'm noticing is people's independent liberties and rights to I get to
Gwenevere Abriel: have free will. I get to be my own person. I get to decide what's okay with me. It's starting to shift a little bit because now it's, Will, what is my right to safety, but also how does it impact a greater community. And so it's really on people's minds a lot
Ateeq Dean: It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we're I'm Kara. And where is it showing up because you said yeah there. There's a little bit of dissonance in here are not on the same page, where is it show up.
Ateeq Dean: So he'll grow whose parents live five minutes away. Okay, um, his parents. They live with.
Ateeq Dean: His sister and her boyfriend and they're not the most iconic of people. Okay. And they don't really keep the house up I will either like when you walk in, there's kind of an older it's dark. It's dirty and his parents.
Ateeq Dean: His parents
Ateeq Dean: Um,
Ateeq Dean: So she has a lot of like
Ateeq Dean: Health issues and stuff, whatever, and
Ateeq Dean: I just when he goes up there. I just worry about that, like him.
Ateeq Dean: Touching stuff and just like being there when he comes home. I just want him to like wash his face and wash your hands and I try not to take it too far. I don't tell them to change clothes and stuff, but I wish he would
Ateeq Dean: Yes, I know his, his sister. Still going out she's doing this stuff and I know she's not coming home and watching her hands and
Ateeq Dean: In not showering frequently and I just know she's not keeping up the way she should be and that makes me nervous for him and nervous for his parents and it just yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm going to see if I have a really convenient little picture to show you here. I don't know. A teak if I don't think I showed it because you have Dr. Solomon And Not Dr Arielle on this particular image.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if I can find it might be in a different folder. This one might
give you sort of a visual understanding of how quickly this can already
Okay, I got outlook commentary manager.
Okay.
Open now I
Really like this one I want to find it for you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I just got to be patient. And then we get there. Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so this is the visual. Okay, this one a teak
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a look at this. So, this is basically presented, Dr. And another group shared this and this is basically
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say this is you here at the top. This is now this is the person right now and you're not let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: There's three different versions of this story. The first version is you really don't make any changes at all. You continue about your life, you go about your day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're not really taking a lot of precautions within five within. Let's see, with it. Oh, no. I see what I think they're doing this within five days you will have infected 2.5 people within 30 you will have infected.
Gwenevere Abriel: 406 people
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't make a change. Now if you make about a 50% change. Let's say you stay home maybe two weeks. Let's say you don't allow
Gwenevere Abriel: The virus which CDC is saying on plastic and metal will sit for as much as three days and on cardboard 24 hours. Let's say that you
Gwenevere Abriel: Create cautions and safety around that and you socially isolate for two weeks. You will only be infecting 30 people. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, if you pull back even further and you do less exposure at about 75% let's say you isolate for about three weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've only infected, about half a person, not even a whole person and the long term effect of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may have only over a month period affected 2.5 people. So by creating some safety elements and
Gwenevere Abriel: Limiting significantly the people that you may contact with and that includes your family. Yeah, you could be minimizing you went from just you affecting 406 people because you can be a carrier for as much as like 14 days and you won't even know that you
Ateeq Dean: Didn't yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um, if you make a change, as you know what a meaningful one you could be reducing it for 406 people that you're impacting down to maybe 2.5 that's a massive difference. Yeah, it's huge.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the changes that can be made. Let's talk about some of these pieces here. I can't control what your mother does. I can't control what your sister does. Nobody can right but we can control things like that. So I'm going to play it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And these are just one person's version doesn't mean it's right, doesn't mean it's wrong. It's a version. Okay, so let's say I decide
Gwenevere Abriel: I in the best interest of my parents because of their age.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they have a history of respiratory of vulnerability of your immune system has been compromised in the past. And because I want to do this chart. I want to not expose my family to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't want to expose them to me because I work around, I am going out and I'm going to work every day. So I'm exposing myself to all of these, these potential. So I'm not gonna bring myself over to my family's house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not only am I going to do that after three weeks I do go visit them and what I do is I have a change of clothes, everything comes off, especially my shoes. They stay outside their house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I go in the house I wash my hands and I'm wearing a mask. I don't have them I don't kiss them. I say, oh, I miss you. I want to throw my arms around your budget, but I'm going to be really careful. Hey guys what's up. I talked with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then everything that was in that house goes in a bag. I put my clothes on and I go back with the shoes that never went into the family's house and I go back to this on where you are now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the same thing, those shoes. Don't go in the house. So there's this constant mindfulness at the door to door, nothing that was out there comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: A mindfulness around handwashing a mindfulness of not putting those hands in our mouth and our eyes and our nose any of our other offices and there is
Gwenevere Abriel: This consciousness about the mask is not only for you to not get something, but it's also to not be spreading and it also can be a psychological relief because
Gwenevere Abriel: It might feel good on an emotional, psychological level to be doing everything that you can like I did everything I could
Gwenevere Abriel: So we go out and it feels good. Hey, I already know I'm doing everything I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm already socially isolating I'm not tracking things in from my workplace bringing it into the home where the dog can like the floor and then the dog kisses me and I kiss my wife and my day. So
Gwenevere Abriel: It can happen right, boo, boo, boo, just like that, because it's carried in the droplets. So the droplets of course gravity pulls it down and then it's on the floor. We track it possibly in to the home. Now, that's a really all that sort of concern side, I want to balance it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: With the opposite, which is let's also say that there is an infection pressure that's not a term I ever used but Dr up real mentioned it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think of it as a viral load, which means if someone gives if someone, let's say, standing here and I sneeze directly into their face. That would be a heavy
Gwenevere Abriel: Infection pressure that would be a high viral load of right. But if instead they're six feet away and I sneeze and most of those droplets basically land down due to gravity and they had before.
Gwenevere Abriel: But one tiny molecule of it hits this lady's mass. Well, that's not enough event infection pressure
Gwenevere Abriel: For me to become a carrier. Do you see it. It kind of has to be enough. It's not a molecule in a wham slam you so I liked hearing that. So it's unconscious and
Gwenevere Abriel: I also know it has to be enough of it of the virus of the viral load to have an impact. So it's a both
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm being careful and I don't have to be paranoid, right, because it does need to be a lot of the viral up pressure at you right there. Okay. It was both. You see how they both kind of balanced each other a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you so a teak I wanted to ask you, when Cara was talking about sister goes out. We don't know what she's doing. She's not being careful not because she has her own independence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe not as mindful of her own parents and that will have an impact on you possibly and then on your family, the family. I'm talking to right now. Yes. So this is the part that I wonder, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: What are your thoughts about this, this idea of your shoes, your clothes on mask gloves, what comes up for you around your beliefs.
Ateeq Dean: I I use it, but I feel like the type of mouth can be using. It's not the end nine five type of mass. So I feel like it's only going to prevent me from getting somebody else sick but me wearing it is to really not help going to help me out really
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's think about that, if we know that it's being transported through aerosol which means through the air, and if a real right in a fast way and effective way is in the liquid and someone sneezes, coughs
Gwenevere Abriel: It would be protecting you a little
Gwenevere Abriel: And it can help you psychologically and it could help. Watch this. Look, look at the impact you could have
Gwenevere Abriel: On Kara thinking you are doing everything you can on your family sending a message that it matters.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are being cautious because look at the message it sends maybe I need to consider what I am doing what I'm not doing maybe sister gets to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Being careful. It's not just what we're. This is why this weird time in this planet's life is where we're taking. It's not just what I'm doing. For me, it's affecting sending a message outward
Gwenevere Abriel: So indeed, it might not be the ideal mask. But what I'm hearing from physicians, is that bandana even or tea. What are they up to handkerchiefs that are really a dense. We've are effective, something is better.
Ateeq Dean: Than I do where I have to hang right here. I have a couple in the car. I have masks and stuff that I go out with and I come back I do wear it. But from what I heard. Rumor wise work and everything that you know they say that it's not gonna, it's not the end.
Ateeq Dean: That's going to protect us. Yes, this is another thing about the co workers telling him all this stuff and he takes it as gospel like he hears all these rumors from work and he
Ateeq Dean: Right away, he believes that like he thought they were going to clear out the the floor that they cleared out for coronavirus cases to come in and I had to talk to him and be like, that wouldn't make sense for them to bring
Ateeq Dean: severe enough coronavirus cases to a nursing home when you guys don't have ventilators, you're not even properly staffed at the best of times, I thought, and everybody engine is all his coworkers are saying, Oh, they're going to bring
Ateeq Dean: rotavirus cases here, they're going to do this, this isn't working, you have to do this like these people don't know anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I had to shut down my computer. Recently, but I had the CDC website up and um
Ateeq Dean: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: That really sticking with a credible resource. So what you just mentioned was maybe not a very credible source is the water cooler gossip.
Gwenevere Abriel: Area that that's not always the most credible and it can get our emotions kind of reeling. So if we say I'll limit I'll limit the exposure that I have to maybe a half hour a day I will go in, I will get my updated information and I will stand back and turn it off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Limiting it
Ateeq Dean: That we go
Gwenevere Abriel: In and we say, I'm getting my information from a credible source. And I would say that the CDC is a good place to get it.
Ateeq Dean: I'm gonna pull it up again. I gotta read pull all this stuff up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Either we can just look at it together here CDC, we've got a health such a great little outline, should you get tested caring for seven daily life and coping healthcare professionals and we really just want some basics here. Ah, OK. Got it. Share
Gwenevere Abriel: So what's coming up for you. A team around this invitation to limit the credibility right to limit our intake of information from credible sources.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it make you think about you. Do you feel sort of the sense of defensive list like I'm already doing it or
Ateeq Dean: No, no. Well, if I was feeling sick or something. Yeah, I would know to, you know, not even I would just tell them, hey, I'm not feeling good, but they still ask us to come in and get our camps read
Ateeq Dean: Ya know, that's what I tell them to to come in and get your temperature
Gwenevere Abriel: But that might be too late, is what my point is that we can be carrying it for
Gwenevere Abriel: 40 days and not know, those are the most risky people because we won't stay home. We won't have a temperature, yet I will have it and be spreading it
Ateeq Dean: And then when you find out it's too late.
Gwenevere Abriel: Too late. I've already infected.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. In 30 days 406 people those 406 people have infected 406 people and those 460 will have affected for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if no one was taking progression. So the best way doesn't just read it. How do we protect ourselves. This will come from going to get will just come from the Center for Disease Control, not from not from the news from
Gwenevere Abriel: The disease control and prevention. There's no vaccine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Not that they're working on it. The best way to prevent illness is to avoid being exposed to this virus. The virus is thought to spread mainly from person to person between people who are in close contact
Gwenevere Abriel: To one another. Within six feet. So we don't want to kiss him on the cheek. We don't want to, because what I know you want to maybe hug or kiss.
Something
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, family, but we can't do it. Not right now. Yeah.
I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm through respiratory droplets respiratory droplets. I told you about the liquid
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's in our breath in our cough in our sneeze. It's in our breath. We have respite. We have a drops of water in our breath.
Gwenevere Abriel: Droplets can land or noses of other people who are nearby.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it can be inhaled in the lungs. So you're telling me that that that mask won't work. I think it's going to help a little bit, isn't it, it's going to prevent the pink droplets from getting through. Why wouldn't we do what we can.
Do
Ateeq Dean: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Wash your hands with soap and water. The second that you hit the door and I, personally, I try to limit my hands actually touching the door. Use my elbows back of my hand, want to limit it, so I don't accidentally put that in my mouth.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to wash my hand soap and water is amazing. I want to throw those hands so the the
Gwenevere Abriel: The first layer of the skin can slough off so I'm washing it down the drain and it's gone. I want to do it for about 20 seconds, you can use the hand sanitizer. You want to avoid putting your hands in your nose in your mouth.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, see,
Ateeq Dean: We can do
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's nothing. There's a lot of different opinion about that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so, um, let me ask you something. How much is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Sense of conflict between the two.
Ateeq Dean: And the beginning there was a little bit more complex. I was a
Ateeq Dean: Right.
Ateeq Dean: I don't know. He was really defensive about everything.
Ateeq Dean: You just thought this was about to be done to the world.
Gwenevere Abriel: But how do you get, how do you be defensive
Gwenevere Abriel: And also think it's the end of the world. How do you do both of those.
Ateeq Dean: I just, I didn't realize I was snapping at Kara. I personally never a lot, but I didn't. I didn't know I was doing that I was stuck in my own thoughts about all this and it was affecting me negatively. And every time to ask me something or, you know, just talk to me. I would snap at her, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you already said to her, what your fear is around this guardi really be under and Karen you really get that you understand his fear. He's with you and just he know yours.
Ateeq Dean: I don't know. I don't know if I know. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is a weird time for all of us. Isn't it in our lifetime. This might be one of the ones where we're really at one point during the day, no matter what religion, no matter what you're where you are.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, they have the same thought all of us, all of us humans. What if I get the virus. What if my level and gets it. Isn't that amazing so we can look at it as a moment when the global concerns are either unified or we can say everyone
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I think looking at it from a more sort of spiritual perspective and saying, this is an
Ateeq Dean: Opportunity for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: On the same
Ateeq Dean: Got a bottle made it for us.
Gwenevere Abriel: I call that again. She can't quite get comfortable in. She
Ateeq Dean: does matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Cara um you saying you don't even know how you feel sometimes. Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: I mean, I don't think I have the same kind of fear around this, that he does.
Ateeq Dean: I know it's really serious but
Um, I guess we just don't know anybody affected by it. So I'm not like
Ateeq Dean: Really that scared about it.
Ateeq Dean: I just, I still do everything my normal. I mean, I don't really go anywhere. Besides off but
Gwenevere Abriel: See that is different.
Ateeq Dean: Than what we were talking
Gwenevere Abriel: You were really specific about sisters going out boyfriends going out over
Ateeq Dean: Him in particular. Yeah. Like, because I for me. I don't want anywhere. So I'm not scared for me to do anything but just him to like
Ateeq Dean: About the like the shoes I he'll put his head. He takes his shoes off when he comes in the house and he leaves them here like at the front door on the inside, but then he'll get dressed for work at night and then he'll put his shoes on and he'll walk around the house I
Ateeq Dean: Have you taken off the shoes.
Ateeq Dean: On and walk everywhere. Walk on the carpet walk on the floor. I just mock this and I don't mean to
Gwenevere Abriel: I think
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so you guys, do you want to come up with some little, little tricks so that we can remember because it's actually hard to remember, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So instead, those shoes are in a bag and it's like a let's you guys have. I have Publix out here. So I say public back. It's like a spouse or whatever you guys use. Yeah. So you just go like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is Now guess what you'll have time to remember. You'll take in, you'll go you'll be untiring it and you'll go, oh, wait a minute, and you'll look down at your flip flops. You got some slides.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you'll put those right there and you'll wear those around the house because it's the time it takes to untie that you'll remember. Oh, snap.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got it. In fact, I might even take this bag and put it outside, so I don't forget you see it, they're outside then. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll remember easier because it's a really this routine and I'm the point person. I'm having a hard time with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got like three pairs of shoes because one of them. I forgot. And I accidentally warm and I was like, oh no, those were my walk around outside. She's right. So I'm really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard to remember. Um,
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what do you think what is something so simple as
Gwenevere Abriel: There's a bucket for it outside it stays in that those shoes stay out there, they only go to work, because look those shoes are out here out here out here out here. They don't come in here outside at work at the store out here out here. They don't come in here and when you come in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: throw those clothes in in their own hamper they get washed alone. You take a shower and then you're back. And guess what, you don't, you're not bringing anything in that point you just walk straight into the shower. She's already started it, you're going, you see it. And now, guess what.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you've eliminated huge risk. Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: I do that every day when it come on I paid
Gwenevere Abriel: Happening here is that happening. Yeah. So it's really what would happen if this shoe piece was fixed. What if the only thing is the shoes, what if, what if, that's it. It
Gwenevere Abriel: Does that's an easy fix. As long as there's no pride attached to it. But if there's pride, then we're in a we're in a sticky wicket
Ateeq Dean: No, no, my shoes. There's no
Ateeq Dean: I
Ateeq Dean: Don't know, I probably give me another pair for the inside and then just that I were to work.
Okay, well,
Ateeq Dean: He's taken his shoes off like his parents house when he goes over there. He really can't because sometimes there's like stuff on Lauren. You don't want to walk in.
Ateeq Dean: And stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he had if he had I'm
Really
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where it gets inconvenient.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have flip flops. I have three three pair. See what why can't he have some in a bag sitting in his car, he has a parish of old running shoes. It's going to pitch. Eventually, that's where you you stomp around in it takes is a very different consciousness.
Ateeq Dean: We're not only
Gwenevere Abriel: Out of the car, we are forced to slow down and be mindful. Yeah. It is a really different time in our life, we may never see this again. I don't know. Yes. No.
Ateeq Dean: Maybe they don't they don't
Ateeq Dean: I don't know.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, even, you know, like I do my parents house. Yes. And I know I shouldn't, deep down, and a lot of times I do go I don't spend very much time there.
Ateeq Dean: And I don't have any body or anything like that. My mom usually calls me she's really hungry. By the time she calls me my mom's diabetic.
Ateeq Dean: So I'll try to make something here run into her right away and I tell them. I love them and I'm out the door. You know, I try not to spend too much time there.
Ateeq Dean: You know, I used to take care of them back when I was living there. But now that I have the baby and everything and moved and all that.
Ateeq Dean: It just seems like because I have so much responsibility at the time taken care of my parents, my sister knows there and she doesn't want to pick up that
Ateeq Dean: She is doing her best. I'm happy that they are eating, but it's just like, it's not a mouth you know she'll wake up at like two o'clock and if she feels like it. She'll feed them, you know, and my mom, she she can really get around or anything like that.
Ateeq Dean: Feel a tank. Yeah, I still feel like I have my baby. Take care. But I still have my mom to take care of. If I could not go then I would, you know, but I, I still like gold there to make sure that they bait and
Gwenevere Abriel: And and your sisters. I'm trying to remember hasn't been have some touring to do. She doesn't have the maturity that Kara, I think you've mentioned that there was maybe she needed to kind of grow up a little bit, maybe still
Gwenevere Abriel: That's putting it nicely.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, so if there was maturity, then it's a conversation, then it's I have a newborn. I want to follow what my state my country is advising what the CDC is advising and I like to not visit here, but every three weeks. Can you take over the role of making sure she has three meals a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe she'll step up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your character.
Ateeq Dean: You know, started two teenage
Ateeq Dean: Boys, maybe two months when they brought her over there, one time and she started smoking, just like she was standing at the back door just standing at the door, smoking, so the smoke was still coming into the house.
Ateeq Dean: So she really does not care about anybody but herself. She knows she knew my baby was in the house, too. So we had to just pack up quickly and leave.
Ateeq Dean: She doesn't care.
Ateeq Dean: He says something, she'll start a fight with him and she'll start a fight with her parents and be like, Why are you telling people you're hungry.
Ateeq Dean: She said she needs a lot a lot of therapy. She's a whole
Gwenevere Abriel: Team. Let's brainstorm. So like I said, the maturity may not be there and we're not going to bother with that arguing. So it could be down to huh
Gwenevere Abriel: Does my mother have the skill set, or just sister have the skill set to have a full
Gwenevere Abriel: Three weeks worth of there's lasagna already made in there. There's already enchiladas in the freezer and she can take it out. You see it now. It's already made. And we just need to defrost it. Are you telling me no one in that house has the responsibility to pull that off, you know,
Ateeq Dean: Hey. Okay, so his we buy food for them. We go to the grocery store and we buy food for them, his sister has other sister goes to the grocery store. Why so for them it is gone with with both of us buying for their $400 worth of food in the house. Plenty of meals to make
Ateeq Dean: Within a week.
Ateeq Dean: And the parents are eating peanut butter and jelly sandwiches. Well, the sister and her boyfriend eat the good food.
Ateeq Dean: It's just, it's, it's a completely messed up situation that everyone's trying their best to deal with, but it's she is not somebody that you can reasonably talk to and
Gwenevere Abriel: And no interest you to have no interest in having mom relocate
Gwenevere Abriel: After she was your house.
Ateeq Dean: We would love to. We have a one bedroom house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Yeah.
Ateeq Dean: We have one bedroom. So even right now the baby sharing, which is fine because she sleeps. Next, yeah.
Ateeq Dean: Ideally, we would like to future find a three bedroom house we could bring his parents to stay with us too.
Ateeq Dean: And if his other sister to his middle sister has said before, like if she didn't live there.
Ateeq Dean: If his older sister didn't live there. She will move it to take care of the parents, but she is such a negative
Ateeq Dean: Personality. She pushes everyone away she's the reason that everybody moved out because of his culture of the children stay back and take care of parents, but she has pushed everybody out of there. She
Ateeq Dean: It's it's a homeless. Like, even when I was living there with her. She would steal my thing. She would
Ateeq Dean: Like we couldn't keep we had, we had a miniature fridge and his room because we can keep food in the refrigerator last year she at my birthday cake.
Ateeq Dean: It was having a birthday cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you kidding me.
Ateeq Dean: Know my birthday. I said, they can have a piece of the whole thing.
Ateeq Dean: I was so mad. Do you eat a whole birthday cake.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I got the picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this idea
Gwenevere Abriel: Of community is just, it's really the buy in. But you guys are checked in. You guys have it you would do it if you could
Gwenevere Abriel: Time. It's just not right. It doesn't sound like. Okay. Okay. All right.
Ateeq Dean: I mean, I go in and out. I'm not hunting anybody communicating very much. I just say, here's your food. I love you guys so basically we have to go. There's no. Yeah. Do you
Gwenevere Abriel: Know it might just come down to shoes. Nearly two extra pairs of shoes. That's $23
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, there's a pair of shoes. This bag is pops mom's pops house is set for that one, even if their slides. Yeah, going there you go. Do you drop it off. I love you. Love you leave them a little note little something and and then and
Gwenevere Abriel: You're out the door and then you're in the shoes that you're going to wear to work those shoes. Don't make their way into this home.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a big difference. And you're wearing masks. Your, your wash wash wash wash those hands, but even that can have a profound impact and guess what it does, psychologically,
Gwenevere Abriel: Kara go and now knows. All right, when there's that dark dirty house. I know my husband is in there and he's not tracking it back in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll see what that does, psychologically, it's like, oh, I don't have to keep thinking about that. I don't have to keep thinking about that part just changing two shoes.
Ateeq Dean: Would help a lot because I he is. I don't know. He has like a fear of being barefoot, whatever. But I walk around the house barefoot all day.
Ateeq Dean: Occur to meet our shoes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and
Ateeq Dean: Then I'll have my my feet up on like the long part of the couch or I'm in the bed and then I bring the baby in there and she's laying down where my feet were at one time so that I'm thinking, am I different stuff that he's trapped in and then I'm going to leave my baby's head on it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe a change could be for you to you would join him in the inconvenience part we get a little slippers. So that would they then you're a little clean feet. Oh, in maybe feet.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we could both be doing a shoe thing and you can laugh about and be like, you've got your summers off with yourselves on Me too, me too. And it could be light hearted and not this like only one person to
Ateeq Dean: Make a change
Gwenevere Abriel: I know exactly what you're saying. I've had to really change. I want to walk around barefoot to and I kind of having to remember to put put shoes on, you know, because I don't want to bring it in bed. That's all you know like
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of
creeps me out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think as long as there's this openness about it you know we're all in this together.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have
Gwenevere Abriel: All the answers. No one does.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're balancing caution with mental health. I mean, we can't go crazy here. We've got to be able to stay light hearted. We've got to get through our day and enjoy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your family. Enjoy. We are not get ourselves too wrapped up in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Aside from that, and we're kind of at the top of the hour, but is there other things that are kind of
Ateeq Dean: I just wanted to ask you, I've been wanting to ask you. How's everything in
Ateeq Dean: Florida right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know, I'm not a big news washer.
Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: I get my information from the CDC i i get concerned that news um they earn their living and they get audiences. Bye bye. You know, if it bleeds, it leads right so
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm very careful of every once in a while I'll walk by and I'll hear the news and I'll hear such and such me. I haven't heard anything about Florida. I only heard about New York and things like that so
Gwenevere Abriel: I was already the person I had already pulled my family in and they couldn't go anywhere. I've already been doing it for weeks. So
Gwenevere Abriel: They think I'm a little cuckoo. But when they hear from another source about the shoes like they didn't believe it for me. But they heard it. Oh, physicians are saying
Ateeq Dean: With it now. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't have street cred, but I am simply getting some credibility. Thank goodness I'm so they're buying into my little stickies, you know, I'll bring something in from Costco and I want it to wait in the garage three days. It has a sticky that has a date.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I wipe it down and I transferred to zip locks and yes they think I'm insane. I don't care if I keep everybody if I keep everybody healthy and happy.
Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: And here's the logic. Right. It's this. I know eventually we're going to get it because it's we're all going to eventually probably get it. But if it means we get it when there are more respirators in the hospital.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have been right if I push it off a month or two months. And there's there there's there's more information out there. The longer I can push it away, the better. So that's kind of what I've been thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: A lot. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't control this. This is, this is, you know, we're. This is an imperfect situation we're doing what we can and we're reactive. We tend to we humans are reactive. We always in our state. Now, now we're going to do this social isolation or. Now we're going to have a curfew or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we could be doing some things to prevent
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so that's all it's a different philosophy. I tend to come from the camp of prevention. And so, you know, I'm the one that's everybody's kind of cooped up in here, but all school. My kids are going to school online now everybody's soaking up all my bandwidth. I'm not thrilled with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was usually the only show going on here.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he's all like FaceTime, and I'm like, Hey, I saw I earn my living
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it was pretty cute but mental health is good. Um, lots of people are exercising their outside running and biking. I've never seen so many people outside exercising. I'm like ready
Gwenevere Abriel: For that. So I'm telling my family. I'm like, What are you doing when they're running by and they'll say, I'm kind of move over to the email. I kind of move over. I'm like, yeah.
Ateeq Dean: Stay away. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I walk around, I go to Costco with
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm wearing a mask.
Ateeq Dean: When I go and type Walmart or something. I put my mask on. I do I wear it out. I don't
Ateeq Dean: See, you know, I've worked. I've Where'd my ears hurt from wearing it for so long. Yeah. Yeah. Because if it falls on my ears all night. But you know what, that's fine. I'll deal with that. But I still wear it.
Ateeq Dean: I do it, just the rumors. I've heard of work all your way that mouse is not going to protect you and stuff, you know, I still wear it, but I do hear the rumors and stuff, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's a delicate balance. Yeah, no, it can't be so uncomfortable. So maybe being able to alternate between maybe a bandana that doesn't pull on the ears and then switching it with more high risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Patients or, you know, things like that. Just this is the balance. We have to keep our sanity to do. We just have to
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, in what way has this situation brought you to closer
You know,
Ateeq Dean: You, yes. I mean, you know, uh,
Ateeq Dean: I think it's more open because I called him out about his
Ateeq Dean: Craziness, right.
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, and I hope around more around the house like all over could do my work stuff, but then when I come home. I know she does a lot here. I mean, you know, I've stayed. I will say one week and
Ateeq Dean: I stayed home before all this all this other stuff happen and I told her. Wow, I was going crazy that we've just been home.
Ateeq Dean: And yeah, I started like nitpicking on little things here and she's like, You see what I go through
Ateeq Dean: So I started helping out more with the dishes helping out more about the baby pockets. He's always told me I would love if I could stay at home with her.
Ateeq Dean: He realizes what a saving grace, it is to go and talk to grown ups.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Oh, man. We crave that
Ateeq Dean: Yeah, I didn't realize you know until you see because I was sick. We all have the stomach bug. Even the baby and I got it.
Ateeq Dean: After she got it. So he was having to do everything he was trying to do laundry and everything, and he doesn't ever do laundry. So that was interesting, and he was trying to do just the stuff I do every day and he finally got to see that it's not as easy as maybe I make it look
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, no. But that's, but we don't know until we know and so we kind of laugh and say, now we get it when when when Carol says I've got to have adult conversation we you know she means it
Gwenevere Abriel: Baby, baby, all day. Yeah, baby. All right. Okay. So let's, um, you're going to be meeting with this these folks on the 20th. Let's set another time for us to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: A teak
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's see if you want to meet on the 15th, that's why.
Ateeq Dean: We have there's another appointment with Dr. Solomon on the 13th. I think it is. It's not this coming week because
Ateeq Dean: That's group. I got it won't be disappointed coming up. It'll be next Monday, or is it still
Ateeq Dean: You can
Gwenevere Abriel: I look. It's completely up to you know every other week at this point, you've got such consistent attendance, that it's it's not an issue for me if you have enough medication to get you to the search
Ateeq Dean: Is
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine with me.
Ateeq Dean: Dr Melman did two weeks.
Gwenevere Abriel: We'll see you then. And then that same week on the 15th, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's meet again, if you're liking the 10 o'clock. We could do that again.
Ateeq Dean: She likes 10 o'clock I like eight o'clock, but she's still at that time. So I'm happy with 10 o'clock. I'm okay. We'll just we'll do that for
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, and we'll stick with this. We got it. Is there anything else you kind of want to maybe for me to invite as a focus next time. Is there anything kind of need to zero in on or
Ateeq Dean: I like what we're talking about today. Yeah, I really like, you know, just whatever was brought out in there was. It was good. You
I'm not sure I'm gonna be honest, I'm so tired of talking about
Gwenevere Abriel: Amen. Can I tell
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: You guys be good to each other. Okay.
Ateeq Dean: Okay. Have a good day.
Ateeq Dean: Good talking to you.